Add docs for how web-features syncs with BCD (#2560)
web-platform-dx/web-features: docs/bcd-workflow.md

> # BCD workflow

Reviewer: If this is specifically about github **workflows** (as in, the things that run in the **Actions** tab of the github UI), then I suggest adding an introduction that says so. Workflow is, otherwise, a pretty generic term. I read pretty far down the doc before realizing this might be about GH workflows.

Reviewer 2: Very partial contribution here ahead of a full review:

It would be nice if the beginning of this doc communicated expectations better:

- Who this is for, the audience
- What it's about (covered by the section below)
- When you'd need the information (e.g., "Read this document to decide/fix/change/document…" as the case may be).

The [web-platform-dx/web-features](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/) and the [mdn/browser-compat-data](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/) depend on and complement each other. This document describes the workflows which synchronize the two projects.

## BCD keys in `compat_features`

> In web-feature YAML files, the `compat_features` field consists of @mdn/browser-compat-data (BCD) entry keys (e.g., `css.properties.background-color`) that make up this feature.
> 
> If `compat_features` is not set in `<feature-id>.yml`, the `dist` script will populate `compat_features` in `<feature-id>.yml.dist` with BCD entry keys tagged with `web-features:<feature-id>` in BCD, if any exist.
> 
> If a `compat_features` list is in `<feature-id>.yml`, it takes precedence over BCD tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source YAML files that define each feature in the repo might contain a `compat_features` field.

When present, the `compat_features` field consists of the browser-compat-data (BCD) entry keys that make up this feature (e.g., `css.properties.background-color`).

If the `compat_features` field is not present in a feature's source YAML file, the resulting `.yml.dist` built file (which the `dist` script generates) will contain a `compat_features` field that contains the BCD entry keys that were tagged with `web-features:<feature-id>` in the BCD project, if any.

The `compat_features` field, in a feature's source YAML file always takes precedence over tags defined in BCD.

There are therefore two ways to list the BCD entry keys that a feature consists of. The following sections describe those two ways.
```

Felt like this was a bit clearer to understand.

> ## Tagging keys in BCD directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tagging keys in BCD
```

For some reason, the word "directly" makes me feel like this is the preferred/better way to do this.

> In this workflow, new keys in BCD are tagged from inception. This is more likely for small, incremental changes to existing features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way of defining which BCD keys make up a feature happens in BCD itself. This way is more suited for small, incremental changes to existing features.
```

I was a big confused by the word "likely". Are we saying that's what is happening now, or what we want to happen? If we're merely describing what's happening now, then "likely" sort of makes more sense. But if we are offering guidelines for how to do things, I think "suited" is the better choice.

Reviewer: Edit: I now realize that the word "workflow" might be intentional, because this talks about github workflow that runs automatically. If it is the case, it wasn't clear to me, so I suggest making this more obvious in the text.

> For example, a new key appears in BCD (e.g., via a [Collector](https://github.com/openwebdocs/mdn-bcd-collector) PR). The author of that PR knew which feature the key belongs to (e.g., due to a key being renamed) and tags the key with the correct `web-features:*` tag. A few days later, that data is released by BCD. That triggers the next `@mdn/browser-compat-data` Dependabot upgrade PR, where we regenerate web-features data based on the updated tag and remove the `compat_features` list from the YAML file (if the list and tagged keys match).

Reviewer: I would suggest re-formatting this as a list of steps with a bullet point list. Also, can you clarify "the author of that PR" please? That PR is only introduced in parenthesis before, and only by saying it's a collector PR. Might be good to clarify each step, what's the collector, why does there need to be a PR author if the collector is automated, etc.

 If necessary (e.g., a tag was assigned by BCD maintainers in error), a web-features maintainer can update a `compat_features` list in web-features and the work syncs to BCD as in the workflow below.

> ## Listing keys in web-features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Listing keys in web-features source YAML files
```
